docs: replace vercel/otel link to npm (#63173)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/06-optimizing/09-instrumentation.mdx

Then, export a `register` function in the file. This function will be called **once** when a new Next.js server instance is initiated.

> For example, to use Next.js with [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) and [@vercel/otel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vercel/otel):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to use Next.js with [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) and [@vercel/otel](https://vercel.com/docs/observability/otel-overview):
```
